okay so all right I'm not to talk i'm on
at the top but I'm coming right now sure
I'll be that same spot oh oh I did it
yes okay God dirty moreover hold on oh
hello there okay what is the weight
waist us the supplement get off hey I'm
gonna fit of a gun I can't get on my
bike oh there we go okay Ryan go for
walk here just don't properly rare this
is um a codon on the rocket ah Oh from
above yes I ok oh ok try again this is a
love these I think I should leave
position myself and that's tough Matt
night if you could try and get over to
the right of the truck I'm on the very
left of the truck yeah Wyatt like you're
right up against this I'm eating grass
Oh perfect hello doc do righty o ok me
pick up your bike yeah Oh your side
again yeah that's what I get her nice oh
god the fat pieces of great job gud
isten I guess my artist goes slide out
the tailgates go on saket now you guys
are gonna get into the cars don't the
roof under the truck oh it's back and
fixed itself yeah just not like why
again I get on my bike you're clicking
acts aren't you their mother I keep
moving on and then my guide glitches out
and falls Oh Mike said oh yeah yeah
there's a fellow my back here yeah I
might get knocked out actually I'm not
sure
and although that they talking the whole
bash it out oh hi fuck Oakland boots
like once I see you not my timer there
we go anyway let me burn out yeah there
we go absolutely we talked to the right
oh yes oh ok very careful ok I'm gonna
drive really slow and make sure you guys
gasps a little before just we don't know
yeah oh my god ok so we're stretch up
office people say it's a good to fuck
you guys might jump oh one of the
terrorism I guess is this room tour is
that mean oh shit oh my god we are
definitely gonna fly out make sure you
gasps when he goes forward ok I'm gonna
drive it the fashion should I go this
way oh yeah I thought oh my god oh my
god Mike I love light on dash the
parachute I mean you like I spinderella
I don't know words vanilla he under
where's my bike you're always crazy yeah
keV I'm just China I just dying get it
is okay
and I'm trying to see if I can get on
here
oh here we go yes all right which side
you home and drive off and oh my god oh
god we're out of the truck what it feels
right back oh my god I don't think I'm
ever gonna be able to get my motorcycle
back from that you're the back of the
truck
you